hello I'm java nes nice cake today we're going
to make a recipe for witch's fingers
to make this recipe
we are going to need the following
Ingredients 250 grams of butter
250 grams of sugar 550 grams of
flour a spoon of yeast coffee
an extract coffee spoon
vanilla and 2 large eggs
Now let's mix all the
ingredients no matter the order we
we are going to put all in the blender and
we fit well normally I like
more put the butter after the
sugar and once it is well creamy
I add the two eggs and finally the flour
with the yeast
once we have the mixture what
we do is put it in a film in
shape of a ball so that it fits
hermetic and let it sit on the
fridge a couple of hours we take out the dough
from the fridge and now what are we going to
do is mold it then let's
open the film the ball
we take small pieces of mace
we mix it we make a ball with the
palm of the hands careful not to do it
with your finger because if there is no mark left
of the finger
and then we make a trickle
we put them in a tray to go to
oven with wax paper
and to make the shape of the finger what
let's do is make the knuckles for
make it more real
finally once we have done the
knuckles and we've put all the mass in
the tray we are going to place the pistachios
after having left it at 180 degrees
10 minutes we take out the witch's fingers
from the oven for whoever wants there are children
they like it because it's more disgusting
we can optionally take a
little bit of jam to simulate what is
a little blood that they love
then we take a little jam
of strawberry and what we do with a
spoon
we remove the pistachio and we put it here
we put the pistachio
and it looks like it has blood now we're going to
place your fingers in a tray here you
I make a suggestion with a glass upside down
and this is a round piece of porexpan
I've done a piece of
cardboard and a little bit of wasit tape that
here it makes lace shape then the
we put over we put the fingers and it 's
an original way to present
here you have a very easy idea of
do and that kids love and
to spend a scary halloween